.\" Copyright (c) 2010, SWITCH
.\" Copyright (c) 2009-2010, Members of the EGEE Collaboration.
.\" SLCS client CLI: slcs-init(1) man page
.\" Valery Tschopp - SWITCH
.TH slcs-init 1 "June 2011" "SWITCH" "Short Lived Certificate Service"
.SH NAME
slcs\-init \- client command line interface for the Short Lived Certificate Service (SLCS)
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBslcs\-init\fR \-\-idp \fIproviderId\fR [options...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B slcs\-init
is a client command line interface for the Short Lived Certificate Service (SLCS). The user uses 
his AAI credentials to log in and receives a short lived (valid for ~11 days) X.509 
certificate.
.P
The command stores the user private key
.B userkey.pem
and X.509 certificate 
.B usercert.pem
in the 
.B storedir
directory ($HOME/.globus).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-i" " providerId" ", \-\-idp" " providerId"
.B Mandatory
AAI Shibboleth identity provider 
.IR providerId 
to log into.
.TP
.BI "\-c" " FILE" ", \-\-config" " FILE"
Alternative SLCS client configuration 
.I FILE
to use.
.TP
.BI "\-D" " DIR" ", \-\-storedir" " DIR"
Absolute
.I DIR
pathname to the store directory [Default: $HOME/.globus]
.TP
.BR "\-h" , " \-\-help"
Display the help text.
.TP
.BI "\-k" " password" ", \-\-keypass" " password"
Password for the generated private key, also called GRID pass phrase.
.TP
.BI "\-P" " prefix" ", \-\-prefix" " prefix"
Optional filename
.I prefix
for the 
.B usercert.pem
and
.B userkey.pem
files.
.TP
.BI "\-p" " password" ", \-\-password" " password"
The user AAI
.I password
to  use  to log into the Shibboleth identity provider.
.TP
.BI "\-s" " size" ", \-\-keysize" " size"
Private key
.I size
to generate [Default: 1024]
.TP
.BI "\-u" " username" ", \-\-username" " username" 
The AAI 
.I username
to use to log into the Shibboleth identity provider [Default: current username]
.TP
.BR "\-v" , " \-\-verbose"
Display verbose information.
.TP
.BR "\-V" , " \-\-version"
Shows the slcs\-init version and exit.
.BR "\-x" , " \-\-p12"
.TP
Store an additional PCKS#12 
.B usercred.p12
file.
.SH LOG FILE
The 
.B slcs\-init
command logs its message in the 
.B $HOME/slcs\-init.log 
file.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The
.B slcs\-init
command returns a
.B 0
exit status on success. Non zero is returned in case of failure.
.SH AUTHORS
The Short Lived Certificate Service and the 
.B slcs\-init
command are written by Valery Tschopp - SWITCH
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2008-2010 Members of the EGEE Collaboration
.br
Copyright \(co 2010-2013 SWITCH
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP 
.I SWITCHaai 
http://www.switch.ch/aai/
.TP
.I Short Lived Certificate Service
http://www.switch.ch/grid/slcs/

